あなたは凍りつき、氷の墓場へと沈んで行った!
雑に積まれた貨物で道がふさがれている。
貨物は重すぎて動かせない。
熟れすぎたバナナを注意深く剥いた。
遠くから別の音が聞こえる…低いうなり声のような、この夜と同じくらい不吉な音だ。
うなり声が大きくなった。
新たな波でボートが揺れているのを感じた。
オールがないのにどうやって?
安全ベルトで腰をしっかりと固定した。
It's very difficult to move while you're strapped in!  First unfasten the belt.
The rope secures the life boat to the Titanic.
「ミラーはここで失われた」とかろうじて読めた。
The harness reminds you of a seat belt.
The crates are nailed shut and impossible to open with your bare hands.
数歩歩いたところで洞窟の壁にぶつかってしまった!
You can't see the rope from here.
あなたは数時間後に気が付いた。だが、ボートはどこかに消えてしまった!
その道は通るには狭すぎる。
You barely manage to fit through the crevice!
All you can see is the sparkle of stars reflecting off the ice filled water.
The suit doesn't fit too well, but it is comfortable.
The banana is quickly reduced to an unrecognizable pile of mush!
You deliver yourself an excellent blow to the head!
さらに進むと腰まで泥に浸かってしまった。
もう一歩進むと、あなたは深い泥の穴に落ちてしまった。
You try and try to get some mud, but it leaks through your fingers too fast.
The hexagon shapes seem to be immovable.
The hexagon shapes remain utterly undamaged!
What you see is too sickening to think about!
The entire boat rocks for a moment, but nothing interesting happens.
You notice that the hair on your arm stands up!
あなたの腹の虫が鳴り始めた。
空腹で弱ってきた!
You stagger...then keel over from lack of food!
The pill is reduced to dust, which flies away in a soft breeze.
The brown bottle shatters into a thousand slivers!
Yuk!!  That salt water tasted terrible!!
You can't find any water around here.
It's right here!
Are you sure you want to?  Well, OK, you look downright scruffy!
How?  Didn't you notice?  The life boat is secured with a thick rope!
The flashlight appears to be much dimmer now.
The mud is too thick and sloppy to travel through.
You climb on top, look around, then climb back down.
Why would you want to climb on that?
ゴクン! 味はいまいちだが、腹は膨れた。
皮ごと食べるつもりなのか!
Gulp!  You feel like you just ate a six course meal, plus dessert!
見ろ、完璧な箱結びだ!
You can't find anything worth taking.
How can you possibly tie the rope to that!
Both your left hand and your right arm are broken!
You see nothing unusual about your arms or your hands.
I don't think that will go down too well.
真っ暗で何も見えない!
The rope is suddenly jerked away from your hand!
You pull, and you tug, but nothing gives.
As you reel in the rope it snags in many cracks.  Finally an object appears...
あと少しで通れそうだが、持ち物がじゃまだ。
The flashlight is beginning to flicker, it's about to go out!
That sentence doesn't make much sense.
You can't give what you don't have to begin with!
The alien creature humbly accepts your gift...and eats it!
You manage to climb down to the end of the rope.
間違いなく滑って落ちて死んでしまうだろう。
Although you don't displace much dirt, you do notice that the ground is soft.
The stake won't go into that!
The metal stake is in as far as it's going to go.
The object sinks into the soft sloppy mud!
The metal stake is now sticking out of the ground.
The rope drops into the dark chasm, probably lost forever!
The rope now dangles down into the dark chasm.
About a second and a half later you hear a dull thud!
なぜ? 泥遊びをしたいのか!
All you see is pitch black darkness.
You see the flashlight swaying back and forth.  You can't see the bottom though!
The object dissappears into the chasm!
If it needs fixing then stop talking about it--do it!
There's nothing there worth noting, unless you collect dust!
You're too excited about escaping from this place to sleep!
Why would you want to turn that, and where would you turn it to?
No matter how hard you wish, it just won't take off!
Are you feeling OK?  You're already standing!
どうやって? まさか歯で!?!
As you take you best swing the creature grabs the knife...and eats it!!!
There's no more rope to climb down!
You are too busy hanging onto the rope to do that!
In your condition it is impossible to carry anything else!
You are in too weak of a condition to carry many things at once!
The flashlight is waterproof.  There is a steel ring on the back, like a hook.
The remains do not remind you of any creature you've ever seen before.
The remains are too grotesque and deformed to touch!
You discover a piece of blue fur!
You find nothing of interest inside there.
There's no opening to reach in.
The banana is reduced to pudding!
On inpact the flashlight shatters into a dozen pieces.
You bump your shin on the edge of the saucer.
You wince with pain as you barely open the hatch with your aching hands!
The closed hatch is blocking the way.
The reactor provides power for the alien ship.  It is protected be a shield.
The huge transparent shield rumbles, then slides into place.
The huge transparent shield rumbles, then rises upward...exposing radiation!
The device has a screen, a typewriter, and a microphone built-in.
"OK, the screen is changed."
"Well I'll be shutting down now, bye bye."  ...click!
You now hold no special possessions.
Been under a lot of pressure lately have you?
Nice try...almost.
Somehow, I don't think that's going to happen.
Don't expect miracles!
Let's be resonable please!
すばらしい試みだが無理だった。
そんなことをするとは次元が違う!
The door is bolted shut.
Which dial are you referring to?
You have nothing of interest.
ロープを解いた。
Inside the bottle is a glowing pill!
The bottle is empty.
懐中電灯が明るくなった。
懐中電灯の明かりが消えた。
That doesn't seem to help.
何も変わらないようだ。
You sit down, think for a moment, then stand up.
You feel nothing unusual.
You see nothing of interest.
あなたはそれを燃やせるものを持っていない。
I don't think your tailor would approve!
その文は不完全だ。
I don't understand that sentence.
2番目の名詞か目的語が必要だ。
名詞か目的語が必要だ。
It's about 30 feet long, and made of a durable twine.
OK, the room descriptions will not be shown anymore.
OK, the room descriptions will be shown in full every time you change rooms.
Yippeeeeeeeee!
For a brief moment a bright phosphorescent light floods the tube to the east.
Carefully you remove the suit from the alien, noticing its good condition.
The alien seems well preserved, though severe gashes mar its head!
Most of the controls appear incomprehensible, though flickering lights indicate
that they still work.  A small screen stands out, with a small slot below it.
There is a tape in the slot.
The slot is empty.
そちらへは行けない。
What do you plan to type on, your toes!
Barely visable under the sand is the end of a rusty metal rod.
  The metal stake is sticking out of the ground.
That might be possible if you could fix it first!
There is not an on/off switch on the computer.
You must try to be a little more specific.
You see a ladder and small flashes of light.
You feel a fresh breeze coming out of the vent.
The shelves are cluttered with complicated equipment, useless to you.
Among some complicated equipment you discover some sort of gun!
The screen is blank.
A small brown bottle sits on the table, a slight glow surrounds it!
You've uncovered a long metal stake, slightly rusted.
You can feel the rope dragging behind you.
The panel door cannot be moved by force, it simply won't budge.
The panel, made of some alien alloy, cannot be destroyed.
The keypad has ten buttons, labeled 0 through 9.
There's no visable way of opening it.
The brown bottle doesn't have a cap.  A strange glow surrounds it.
The three foot long metal stake is slightly rusted.
The small pill is glowing brightly.
The alien suit is in good shape.
The object is a tarnished United States' quarter, dated in the year 2111!
You are not wearing the suit to begin with.
You barely manage to climb out of the tight-fitting suit.
First you must take the suit off.
With a strenuous tug the hatch slams shut.
You type in the code, but nothing seems to happen.
The panel door hums, then effortlessly slides upward, revealing a compartment.
  The alien suit is being worn.
First you must have the suit.
The silver dial clicks as you set it to the new number.
The gold dial clicks its way into position, set at the new number.
That dial does not have that number on it!
Carefully, you aim then toss lightly, but the object misses its target.
On the ceiling is some sort of vent.
You notice nothing unusual about the ceiling here.
The ceiling here is crowded with unusual rock formations.
The panel compartment is empty.
The panel is closed.
First the kit must be opened.
Done.
First the cabinet door must be opened.
There is not enough room in the panel compartment.
The gun is unlike any gun you've ever seen before.  An orange gauge on the side
複数の方向があるため、方向を指示しなければならない。
Here is your present condition:
You feel weak from lack of food.
You get down and bogie for a moment, then look around, somewhat blushed!
You hear something rattling inside the bottle.
You discover nothing by that action.
Since you cannot move that, you cannot shake it!
You can't find a good spot to put it.
The banana is peeled, exposing a less than appealing fruit.
The banana is unpeeled.
The flashlight is turned on.
The flashlight is off.
The rectangular black box, simple in design, has a single switch on the top.
The large metal chair has two dials on the side, one colored gold and the other
silver.  On the other side is a single tan colored button.
The shield is raised, exposing deadly radiation.
The shield is closed, protecting you from the reactor's radiation.
You are in relatively good shape.
You don't have a gun in your possession!
A blinding prismatic glow engulfs the chair, then slowly fades away.
You reluctantly settle into the uncomfortable metal chair, your feet dangling!
You happily lift yourself from the chair's hard surface.
It would help if your feet were touching the floor!
A beam of light strikes the floor and leaves a scorched mark!
Lying near the end of the bridge is an unusual object.
The cages are too grotesque to enter!
That doesn't seem to help.
The saucer's hatch is open.
The saucer's hatch is closed.
You hear shuffling behind one of the cages.
Several hours later you wake up and struggle to your feet.
The cage door is closed with a thick chain!
The chain disintegrates under the bright beam of light.
The cage door slowly swings open.
The cage bars crackle for a moment, but remain undamaged.
The cage door won't budge, it seems to be stuck.
The crator is a huge pit sunken into the earth, miles across.
The equipment is much too complicated for you to understand.
The huge building looks neglected, a metal door is the only visible entrance.
The building consists of walls, a floor and a ceiling.
The wooden bridge appears to be about 50 years old.
The vent looks like it might be used to circulate air throughout the saucer.
Unfortunately, you were IN the suit!
Your body explodes in a prismatic array of light...the gun drops to the ground.
You can't carry that many objects at one time!
First the bottle must be open!
You try to wrap the banana peel back on, but things just don't work out.
It must be open first!
You'd think that there would be a button for something like that!?
The shuttle doesn't have a door.
The suit fits without any special straps or buttons.
The tube doesn't have a door.
There's no way to close that.
Suddenly, you feel weightless as all the objects around you glow intensely
bright.  Seconds later you seem to fall from nowhere into a large, hard chair.
Are you sure (Y or N)?
一瞬、エンジンのようなうなる音がかすかに聞こえた。
The ground here is too hard to dig in.
There is no ground to dig into around here.
You manage to chip away only a small amount of ice.
The hexagons are too strong to be damaged, or dug into.
The wall is too solid to dig into.
For an instant you see a large shadow move away!
The blue piece of fur looks like it was torn from a creature escaping a cage.
The walls, and the passage, appear to be carved by man, with great heat!
The huge saucer is pie-shaped, and over 50 meters across.  The silver colored
metal is glass smooth.  The saucer is well embedded into the earth, only ten
meters of the ship protrude above the ground.
The fallen boulders from the rockfall block the way.
ロープを短い2本にしても無意味なので、あなたはロープを切るのをやめた。
You raise the blade to your throat, then come to your senses!
Glistening slime and jelly drip from the cage bars.
The slime and jelly feels sticky and repulsive.
The glass smooth walls are too slippery to scale.
OK, returning to last game position...
頭の上でコウモリが飛ぶ音が聞こえた。
巨大な魚が頭の上で止まり、あなたを調べまわり、そして興味なさげに泳ぎ去った。
A tiny creature, resembling a rat, darts across the floor and under a machine.
タイタニック号の残骸が流れて行き、そして見えなくなった。
You hear rattling in the ceiling as some dust tumbles out of a vent.
The strange wall has collapsed and vanished!
The door is bolted shut!
Since you're not too tired you decide not to rest now.
The alien suit is in fairly good shape.
You walk about fifty meters up the road...
The steep concrete walls cannot be traversed!
A badly mangled piece of wire is laying here, half buried under some dirt.
Carefully, you crawl and slide down the steep slope into the crater.
A thick, prickly growth of weeds blocks your path.
You walk around, exploring the scattered boulders and following footprints.
黄色く輝く流れ星が漆黒の空を横切り消えた。
The effects of the glowing pill are beginning to wear off, your stomach growls.
You are very hungry and thirsty now.
You are about to pass out from lack of water and food!
You stagger, then keel over from lack of water.  Everything fades to black...
In the distance you hear a low rumbling noise, like thunder, or an explosion.
ゆっくりと、冷たい水に膝まで浸かりながら渡った…
You awake about 20 minutes later at the side of a dirt road.
You find nothing but dirt and footprints.
The rather large boulders are scattered all around.  They look somewhat black.
You carefully make your way through the scattered rubble and broken doorway...
A tall fence blocks your path.
The broken glass door provides a debris filled passage into the building.
A small flash of orange light engulfs the object as it vanishes into the beams.
Static electricity crawls up and down your arm like millions of hungry ants!
The debris consists of broken wood, charred rocks and trash, strewn all about.
You would surely fall off the broken end and tumble into the rapid stream!
The blue cabinet is about six feet tall, and it has a rusty lock on the door.
The cabinet door is open.
The cabinet door is closed.
Do you really expect that to happen!
Let's face it chum, no can do.
A magician you are not!
The odds of that happening are less than the odds of the Titanic being raised!
This isn't the fairy tale land of "Anything Goes!"
You don't own much stock in reality, do you?!
The object plunges into the water and disappears!
The object sinks in the water and vanishes!
You notice a slightly repugnant smell as you enter the stairway.
The smell is almost overwhelmingly nauseous as you enter the cave.
To your nostrils delight the repulsive smell thins to a mild stink.
Fresh air washes your nose clean as you leave the stairway.
You would undoubtedly shred your hands to ribbons on the barbed wire!
The barbed wire fence is about seven feet tall.
The door closes with a small click from the lock.
The rusty lock glows bright red for a moment then cools off.
The first word must be a verb or a command.  (e.g. drink, score, take.)
How?  With what?!
You must take the suit off first.
The helmet seems to mold to the shape of your head when you put it on!
You must remove the helmet first.
  The helmet is being worn.
The helmet is now off.
But you are not even wearing the helmet!
Inside the cabinet you find:
The shuttle does not move!
A beep tone from the speaker signals your action.
It won't fit!
緊急救命箱: 開いている。
緊急救命箱は空だ。
緊急救命箱には次のものが入っていた:
緊急救命箱を閉じた。
安全ベルトが外れた。
驚くべき氷の洞窟を歩き回った…
From out of nowhere the game's designer appears and leads you to safety....
First you must take the helmet off.
The shiny key is in the keyhole.
The shiny key fits perfectly in the keyhole!
On the side of the futuristic helmet are the words: "FLIGHT CONTROL."
A few dusty shelves.
You suddenly realize you've been walking westward for the last half hour!!!
You would definately crash if you tried to land here!
You bail out of the shuttle and soar effortlessly into the ground...
You fly a short distance above the clouds...
The shuttle's engines whine as if strained, but you fly no higher.
The shuttle leans forward, then dives through the cloud barrier...
You can't spot a safe place to land the shuttle.
The shuttle creams into one of the towers...
You see nothing special about the city from this vantage point.
The engines strain as the shuttle rises, and climbs through the clouds...
You see a bright glow radiating from beneath the city into the dusty clouds.
A few sparks fly out of the controls, but nothing interesting happens.
The shuttle's controls appear to be damaged.
The shuttle is slightly dented and cracked on the left side.
Do you really want to fall over the side of the floating city?!
The steps lead into darkness.
You notice a sour smell here, reminding you of the cave with the cages.
There is a three-armed, slobbering creature heading straight at you!!
You cannot exit the shuttle in that direction.
The creature leaps at your feet and barely misses!
The monster follows you, wildly waving his three clawed hands at your neck!
You just manage to escape a swift claw attack from the pursuing creature!
The creature dashes after you!
You barely evade the attacking monster as you escape the room!
The shelves are packed with crates that contain food supplies for the city.
The monster examines you with a puzzled face, then resumes its vicious attack!
With one easy swing the creature breaks both of your arms!!!
OK, see you next time...
He looks mean and hungry!
The creature does not look amused by your action.
However, it's about to be Creature - 1, Player - 0!
We all need help!
Have you tried to escape yet?
Have you thought about fixing your arms?
Have you examined the flashlight and rope yet?
The orange beam carves a small notch in the creature's outstretched arm!
An orange streak of light scars the creature's chest!  It roars in pain.
In your nervousness you miss the monster completely, but scare it off slightly.
The orange ray disintegrates a small patch of skin from the creatures leg!
With an awesome display of agility, the slimy, slobbering creature snatches the
  Restarting...
The gooey, melted remains of the alien creature form a puddle on the floor.
There's a tape cartridge of some kind lying in the creature's melted remains.
The creature seems to sense danger and does not follow you into the engine room!
You sneak into the room while the alien creature is sniffing at some controls...
At the moment the screen is blank.
You see multi-colored patterns, changing and shifting erratically.
A few of the large screens display rapidly shifting patterns!
  It is inside the slot.
  It is on a shelf in the big cabinet.
  It is within the panel compartment.
  It is inside the red survival kit.
: Is one too many nouns!
' does not make sense here.
The wire is very thin, yet sturdy.  It's about four inches long.
You can't see any living creature to speak with.
The monster looks at you and waves one of his three arms!
The monster shakes his head as if to say, "Believe me, I will!"
The monster stops in his tracks to listen, while he licks his slobbering chops!
The creature looks at you with hungry eyes, wishing you would shut-up!
As you speak the monster leans against the wall, as if he is slightly bored!
The creature utters a few strange words back to you and resumes the chase!
The rope falls off the thrown object.
It looks like a rectangular cartridge, with small notches at one end.
The keyhole has nothing in it.
救命ボートを探す乗客たちがあなたの側を近くを通り過ぎた!
You just glimpse a brief explosion of light on the very edge of the horizon.
You smell it, poke it, taste it, and talk to it, yet you learn nothing new.
Raised letters read: "LOWER ELEVATOR ACCESS CARD.  IF FOUND RETURN TO FLOYD."
The card slips and disappears behind the locked door!
The mangled door looks like it was ripped open.
The mangled door is stuck open, it can't be moved.
The lower, mangled door is already open.
The door slides open for a moment then closes.
The door does not budge.
Just because it looks like a stove doesn't mean it is a stove!
刃が箱に深く突き刺さったナイフがある。
少し引っ張るとナイフは簡単に抜けた。
The dial goes from 'A' to 'Z.'
The lifeboat rocks a little as you try to take the thick rope!
How sad it is, reduced to a crawler!
You hear some unusual sounds!
You can't see clearly into the bottle, the glow is too bright.
