  あなたはタイタニック号の右舷側に立っている。東の方には船の曲線に沿った木製の手	すりがある。あなたの後ろ、南からは賑やかな音が聞こえる。霧がかった風は髪を乱し、	海の冷たさを伝えている。手すりは頑丈で、もたれかかって星を見るにはちょうどよさそ	うだ。
  右舷側の中央、船の両側がほとんど見えない場所に立っている。デッキは東と西に続い	ていて、緩やかに内側にカーブしている。あなたの前には何隻もの救命ボートがあり、ロ	ープで堅く繋がれている。後ろの頭上の遥か高くに、夜空に向かって煙を放つ船の巨大な	煙突の１つが見える。
  船の端は薄暗く、今まで見えなかった星が見え始めた。雑に積まれた大きな貨物のせい	で先に勧めない。積荷の１つには消えかけた文字が書かれている。西にはタイタニック号	に繋がれた何隻もの救命ボートがまだ見える。
  船の側面にある木製の救命ボートに乗っている。一本の丈夫なロープでタイタニック号	に繋がれている。南に跨いで行けばまだ船に戻ることができる。赤い小箱が最初の席のす	ぐ近くの側面に取り付けられている。
  氷の海に浮かぶ木製の救命ボートに乗っている。サバイバルキットが側面の骨組みに取	り付けられている。
  広い洞窟の中央に立っている。西側の壁から大量の水が吹き出ていて、それが東の方へ	激しく流れている。その先は真っ暗だ。このあたりの壁はまるでガラスのように滑らか  	だ。
  このあたりの洞窟は岩がきれいに並んでいる。長い鍾乳石の柱が天井と地面を埋め尽く	している。川は浅くなっていて、北側にどうにか渡れそうだ。西の方を見ると、広い洞窟	の奇妙な光がまだ見える。川は東に続いていて、南東には別の洞窟への入り口がある。
  驚くべき光景だ。あなたは海の底に立っている。床、そして天井は、見渡す限り氷で覆	われていて、冷たい水はどうやらここから流れ出ているようだ。
  ここは狭く、泥のような感触と2ヶ月前の靴下のような臭いがする。前方の壁にはいく 	つかの奇妙な文字が刻まれている。通れる道は北西にしかない。
  川はここで北東に曲がっている。下流の方の遠くからかすかに音が聞こえる。西には鍾	乳石の洞窟に戻る道があり、南東には分かれ道がある。
  川が滝になって深い谷間へと流れている。洞窟の壁はまるでガラスのように滑らかだ。	安全な道は南西の出口しかない。
  道は別の狭く霧がかった洞窟へとつながっていた。あなたは東の壁の何か奇妙なものに	気づいた。新しい道は北東で途切れている。西からは水が流れる音がまだ聞こえる。洞窟	の壁の小さな穴は南西へと続いている。
  この場所は洞窟と言うよりは広い谷間だ。広くなっている部分には砂で覆われた地面が	見える。北東から戻ることができる。
  深い泥が溜まった広い洞窟にいる。北の方ほど深くなっているようだ! その向こうには	泥のない深い谷間があり、さらにその先には真っ暗な谷間に流れ込む滝が見える。南西の	大きな壁の穴を通ってここから出られる。
  奇妙な、堅い岩を削った風の吹くトンネルの曲がり角にいる。どちらの方向も懐中電灯	の光が届かず先が見えない。砕けた壁が西の戻る方向にあり、トンネルは北西の方向に続	いている。
  とても広い泥だらけの洞窟の北の端にいる。南には広い穴があり、泥が深い谷間へと流	れている。谷間は洞窟を分断していて、あなたはその西側にいる。ここは南の方よりは地	面が乾いている。滝が西の谷間から北西へと流れている。裂け目から、かすかにうなるよ	うな音が聞こえる。まるで小型の発電機のようだ!
  You clinging to the end of the rope!  The chasm walls have narrowed a little  	here, and nearly form a tunnel below you.  The bottom is no where in sight!
  You are at the bottom of the deep chasm.  On both sides of you are fallen     	rocks, blocking any passage into the chasm.  Somewhere in the darkness above    	hangs the rope.  From here a skinny passage leads east, into an peculiar shaped 	cave entrance.
  This is quite an unusual cave.  The walls are scorched black, as if by great  	heat.  You decide that this cave was not formed by the normal processes of      	nature.  The path forks here, headind both northeast and southeast, while the   	chasm is back to the west.
  You at the middle point of a string of steps that curve to the northeast.     	The steps are etched out of solid rock.  The passage up leads to the northwest.
  This area appears to be some sort of abandoned zoo, with metal cages crowding 	every corner.  Most of the cages are littered with the remains of long decayed  	creatures, many with very unusual skeleton structures.  One cage, however, is   	open and has no remains in it!  Behind you, to the southwest, is a stairway     	carved out of rock.
  You are standing at the front end of a huge metal saucer, which you have      	deduced to be of alien origin.  The saucer curves away from you in both         	directions, but only the northern end has escaped a prehistoric rockfall.  A    	rocky, but passable area lies to the northeast, the main path heads back west.
  You are standing near the side of a huge, ominous metal saucer.  A rockslide  	blocks any further progress around the disk.  You are surprised at how smooth   	the metal is, with no appearent damage from the cave in of boulders.  A clear   	path heads southwest.
  This is the top of the large saucer.  A hatch lies at your feet, recessed in  	such a way that it cannot be seen from the ground.  The boulders that rest on   	the hull seem to have left no damage at all!  From here you guess the size of   	the disk to be 75 yards in diameter.
  This is an empty chamber with a ladder leading both up and down.  A mangled   	hatch, once the lower door, lies twisted to the side of the ladder, leaving an  	easy climb downward.
  You're at the center of a kalideoscope of passages and rooms, leading in all  	directions.  The central ladder continues to a lower section of the saucer.  The	only passage blocked by a door lies to the north.  The whole interior of the    	saucer is well lit, lights of every color flicker with activity as though       	something was in control.  From here, though, little else can be seen.
  This is the central entry of the lower deck, with open rooms all around you.  	In the various dimly lit rooms you can see stacks of cargo, equipment, empty    	cages and other strange objects.  Eerie shadows play with your imagination the  	longer you study the area.  A ladder leads back into the saucer's main entry.
  This is the most complicated room you have seen on the saucer.  The walls are 	lined with equipment, controls and machines.  The center piece of the room is a 	strange device that reminds you of a typewriter in its appearance.  Built into  	the device is a glass screen, a microphone, and a keypad.  To the south lies the	closed door that leads back into the central entry.
  You are in a room full of scientific equipment, everything looks intact,      	though painfully confusing.  To the east is tall glass tube, big enough for a   	person to stand in.  The control board near the tube contains several closed    	panels, but one green button stands out.
  You are inside the tall tube, above is a device that looks like a lamp.  You  	can still see all of the equipment in the lab through the tube's doorway.
  This room is packed with machines.  The center piece of the room seems to be a	metallic chair.  On the far wall is a small panel with a keypad below it, and a 	microphone built into the wall above it.
  This rooms is mostly empty, except for the row of machines on the far wall.  A	table sits at one corner.  On the ceiling are several vents.  One piece of      	equipment looks in someways similar to a stove.
  This small area is obviously some sort of supply room, lined with cluttered   	shelves and sealed containers.
  Several odd shaped beds, tables and pieces of equipment occupy most of the    	space in this chamber, you note that everything is neat and orderly.  Positioned	above each bed are two small buttons on the wall.
  This looks like the main control area for the entire saucer.  Banks of        	buttons and dials cover the walls.  Sitting in front of the controls is a dead  	alien, with its neck area covered with gashes.  It's difficult to tell how long 	the alien has been sitting here.
  This room is the source of the low humming sound you first noticed in the     	chasm.  A huge glowing metallic structure fills the back half of the room.  A   	large see-through plate rests in position in front of the structure.  A large   	red button is on the wall near the door.
  This is some sort of cargo bay, full of empty cages and strange equipment.
  This is some sort of cargo bay, full of empty cages and strange equipment.
  This is some sort of cargo bay, full of empty cages and stange equipment.     	At your feet is a large egg, covered with a glistening jelly.
  This is some sort of cargo bay, full of empty cages and strange equipment.
  You are inside one of the many cages within the lower cargo bay of the saucer.	Slim and jelly drip from the bars.  To the west the cage door has been closed   	and chained, there is no escape but through the door!
  You standing at the center of a broken wooden bridge, loose boards creak as   	you walk along it.  Underneath a fast flowing stream winds to the east.  Dusty  	clouds scar the sky.  The bridge continues to the south, the broken end is      	further north.
  This is the broken end of the bridge, where a large section has collapsed     	into the rapid waters below.  The unreachable north bank reveils desolate       	waste lands to the horizon.  The bridge continues southward from here.
  This is the southern end of the collapsed bridge.  Further south the dirt     	path joins a dusty road, which follows the river.  The bridge arcs over the     	river to the north.
  This is a discarded dirt road heading both east and west.  Any tracks have    	long been washed with the wind.  You can still view the bridge to the north.    	The south bank of the road consists of a sheer concrete wall.
  This is a deep deserted road leading both east and west.  The steep banks are 	reinforced with thick concrete and appear unclimbable.  A separate dirt path    	breaks off to the south.
  This is a deep deserted road leading both east and west.  The steep sides of  	the road are built out of thick concrete slabs.
  The road ends abruptly here.  Below you lies a steep slope leading into a vast	crater to the west.  You estimate that the crater is at least two miles across. 	You wonder how this enormous pit in the Earth came to be.  All around you are   	dozens of large boulders, you notice too that the crater is dotted with similar 	boulders.  You are also startled by the numerous footprints in this area.  The  	dusty road forms a nearly straight path to the east.
  This is the bottom of the deep, dusty, boulder filled crater, at least two    	miles wide.  To the east you can see the worn path where you entered the huge   	pit.  Footprints like the ones you saw above the crater cover the entire area.
  You are standing at the north end of a large four story building.  The        	windowless walls are line with eroded cracks, the surrounding land appears to be	completely neglected.  The large glass doors to the south have long been broken 	and twisted out of shape, with jagged edges angling in all directions.
  This is the building's main lobby area, full of broken chairs and tables.     	Rubble and trash litter the cracked marble floor.  To the south is a shimmering 	wall of orange light.  A small sign hangs beside the beams.  The broken glass   	door is behind you to the north.
  This is an empty room, but for the rubble.  Exits lie in many directions.
  This is an empty room, but for the rubble.  Exits lie in many directions.
  This is an empty room, but for the rubble.  Exits lie in many directions.     	You notice a strange updraft.
  This is an empty room, but for the rubble.  Exits lie in many directions.
  This is a strangly lit room below the building.  Empty shelves cover the      	walls.  A big blue cabinet sits against the north wall.  The stairs to the      	south lead back to an office.
  This is another empty room, but for the rubble and a rusty ladder going up to 	a square hole in the ceiling.  An exit lies to the northeast.
  You are standing on the roof of the large building.  From here you can view a 	lot of the surrounding area.  To the west lies the huge crater, to the south is 	an open desert spanning to the horizon, the broken bridge stretches halfway     	across the stream to the northwest, while the stream flows toward the northeast.	  Built into the roof are two large concrete circles.  On one is an unusual     	vehicle, which looks like it's in fairly good shape.
  You are sitting inside the vehicle.  In front of you is a complicated control 	panel, covered with buttons, dials and lights.  Of particular interest is an    	oversized white button, with a small keyhole above it.  Also catching your eye  	is a large lever coming from the floor, to the right of the lever is a bright   	red sign.
  Made by Scott Miller   (this was written Sept. 14, 1984)                      	          4206 Mayflower Dr.                                                    	          Garland, Texas  75043     Tel.  (214)  278-6747     
Empty File...
Empty File 2...
Empty File 3...
  You are flying above the dense, hazy clouds, which obscures your view of the  	ground.  The clouds stretch in all directions as far as the eye can see.        	  To the east is a massive city-like structure floating effortlessly in the air!	Tall buildings and other towers climb even higher into space.  From underneath  	the city a strange glow radiates downward, penetrating the dusty clouds.  It's  	difficult to see details from this distance, though.
  You are flying above the dense, hazy clouds, which obscure your view of the   	ground.  The clouds stretch in all directions as far as the eye can see.        	  To the west is a massive city-like structure floating freely in the air!  Tall	buildings and other towers reach even higher into the air.  From beneath the    	floating city a bright glow radiates Earthward, penetrating the dusty clouds.   	It's difficult to see any other details from this vantage point, though.
  You are flying quite close to the floating city now, which is about 200 yards 	away.  From here you can see a network of roads and inclosed tubes within the   	city, forming an obvious transportation system.  Strangely, though, you don't   	see any signs of life.
  You are flying close to the north side of the floating city.  From here you   	can see a large flat area within the buildings, roads and towers.  You also see 	what looks like another vehicle sitting there, like the one you are flying.
  To the west is the floating city, about 200 yards away.  On this side you can 	easily see the raods that interlace the city.  The tallest building is on this  	side, its shadow falls on your vehicle.  You still don't see any signs of life.
  The floating city-like structure is to your north.  The massive towers block  	any view into the heart of the city, but a few large tubes circle around the    	outside, in some cases they travel through the towers!  There's no visable way  	into the floating city from here.
  You are inside the damaged shuttle, wrecked from the slight collision with the	jagged concrete to the north.  A thin line of smoke is rising from the shuttle's	controls.                                                                       	  The shuttle is resting on a large concrete bay of some kind.  You can see a   	stairway leading down to the southeast.  To the north you can see the clouds    	looming on the horizon, while in all other directions towers block your view.
  This is the large concrete bay.  Your shuttle sits to the south, slightly     	bent up near the bottom.  Huge towers, with interlacing tubeways, provide a     	panoramic view, except to the north, where you can see out into the             	nothingness.  The dark path of steps to the southeast leads down under a tower.
  You are in a small room with the walls lined with controls, machines, dials,  	and screens.  There is no activity between any of them, however.  The steps to  	the northwest lead back to the concrete bay.  Another doorless passage leads    	east, into a dimly lit room.
  This area is only a small section of a long corridor, heading both north and  	south.  Passages exit both east and west, also.
  This area is only a small section of a long corridor, heading both north and  	south.  Passages exit both east and west, also.
  This area is only a small section of a long corridor, heading both north and  	south.  Passages exit both east and west, also.
  You are in a supply room filled with crates and containers--all labeled with  	some type of food!  You see in the corner of the room where the door lies,      	mangled and twisted like the hatch you saw in the shuttle, both appearently     	ripped open by the alien creature that escaped from the empty cage you found in 	the zoo room.  The only exit lies to to north.
  This is an empty cabin, with no bed, no chairs or tables, and no way out!  The	door to the north has been lock and chained from the outside!
